# Applied Machine Learning Intensive

## Overview

The Applied Machine Learning Intensive (AMLI) is a collection of content
that can be used to teach machine learning. The original content was
created for a 10-week, bootcamp-style course for undergraduate college
students. Designed for students who weren’t necessarily majoring in
computer science, the goal was to enable participants to apply machine 
learning to different fields using high-level tools.

The content primarily consists of slides, [Jupyter](https://jupyter.org/)
notebooks, and facilitator guides. The slide decks are written in
[marp](https://marp.app/) markdown syntax, which can be exported to other
formats. The Jupyter notebooks were written in and targeted to run in
[Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/). The instructor guide as an
odt document.

## Answer Keys


Applied Machine Learning Intensive instructional materials are available
open source for faculty looking to run this program for students. This
repository offers all slide decks, facilitation guides, labs, and gradable
items. Because the program is considered academic in nature, we ask that
interested faculty fill out the form below to receive a password to unlock
the answer keys. We will provide you with a password that can be used to
unlock the keys using a standard zip program or the `tools/unlock_labs.py`
tool found in this repository.

Please fill out the following brief form to receive the answer keys for the curriculum:

https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSd9v0az2wmKP659Xx5SlS7WPbQPD3u3yLXZMn0LHf3Vjj-ziw/viewform

The information that you submit will be maintained in accordance with
[Google’s Privacy Policy](http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/).

## Licensing Information

All course content (Colabs, slides, guides, and materials) are open sourced
under the [CC-BY-4.0 International license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
All code contained in this course is open sourced under the
[Apache 2.0 license](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).

Attribution and license information for content not created by Google will
be presented in the speaker notes.
